The person returns the package of kiwis to the fridge.
He gets a plate out of the cupboard.
The person thouroughly washes the leek.
He adds water to the leeks.
The man finely chops up the garlic.
The person chops up the garlic.
He chops the garlic.
Peel the Kiwi with the peeler.
The person uses the knife to peel the other half of the kiwi.
He peels the skin and slices the kiwi.
The person peels the other half and then slices it.
The person peels the other half and then slices it.
He takes the other halve of kiwi and peels it.
One half of the kiwi is peeled using the peeler.
The person uses the wooden spoon to scoop the fried beans onto the plate.
Once at desired tenderness, plate up and eat.
Fry and season the beans, tossing them regularly.
He cooks the beans while doing other assorted tasks.
He places the beans on a plate.
The person cooks some more, occasionally tasting the beans and adding salt and pepper.
The person keeps cooking, occasionally tasting the beans and adding more spices (salt and pepper, I think).
The person cracks the egg carefully over the larger glass.
The person pours the egg back and forth, holding the yolk in the shells and letting the white drain into the large glass.
Egg white is full removed into larger glass mug.
The person carefully holds the egg in half and drains the white into the large glass.
He slowly open the cracked egg and pours only the egg white in the bigger glass cup.
The person pours the egg carefully back and forth, keeping the yolk in the shells and letting the white pour into the larger glass.
The person cracks the egg on the rim of the mug and then drains the egg white into it.
The person cracks the egg on the rim of the mug and then drains the egg white into it.
He walks to the counter and breaks the egg on the edge of the bigger glass, then seperates the egg white into the glass.
The person cracks the egg on the rim of the mug and then drains the egg white into it.
The person carefully opens the egg over one mug, catching the yolk in one half of the shell.
The person pours only the whites of the eggs into the mug.
The person moves the egg yolk into the egg shell he is holding in his right hand.
The person is using the egg shell that is his left hand to remove any egg white that is clinging to the egg shell that contains the egg yolk.
The person moves the egg yolk into the egg shell he is holding in his left hand.
The person is using the egg shell he is holding in his right hand to remove any egg white that is clinging to the egg shell that contains the egg yolk he is holding in his left hand.
The man carefully pours the egg back and forth into both sides of the eggshell to allow all the white to fall into the large glass.
Person keeps egg yolk in one half.
Person gently moves egg yolk into the second half of the egg shell.
Person uses second half of egg shell to cut excess egg white from the egg yolk.
The person lets the egg yolk flow into the tall glass while he moves the yolk between the two eggshell halves.
The person discards the eggshells.
The person holds the yolk in the shell and drops the egg white into the first glass.
Crack the egg on the side of the bigger glass, slightly for the egg white to run out.
Toggle the egg yolk back and forth over the glass so the remaining egg white falls into glass.
The person cuts the skin off each slice and cuts each slice into 8 triangular pieces, putting the pieces on the plate until it is full.
The man takes one slice of the pineapple at a time and carefully cuts off the rough ends, then dices it into eighths before moving the diced pieces to a plate.
He diced leek
The person cuts off the end of the leek and finely slices the rest of the leek until he reaches the leaves.
He chopped leak
The woman uses a peeler and peels the skin from the kiwi until all the skin is removed.
The person uses the peeler to peel off all the remaining skin on the kiwi.
The person peels the kiwi.
She uses the peeler to peel all of the skin off of the kiwi fruit.
The person peels the kiwi.
The person peels the kiwi with the fruit peeler.
The person peels the kiwi from top to bottom
Peel off skin of kiwi with peeler.
The woman uses the peeler to peel the skin off of the kiwi.
The person procures a plate from the cabinet.
The person procures a plate from the cabinet.
Girl washes lime
The other half of the lime is juiced.
The person juices the remaining half of the lime.
Make sure all juice is extracted from the lime
the person uses the spoon to separate the orange from it's skin using the little slit
Uses the knife and spoon to peel the orange.
The orange is ready.
She pours the browned onions onto a plate.
Mince the onion.
Cut into cubes and plate.
The person chops up the half of the mango he's peeled -- both the skin and the flesh, l-cam-002.aving the pit sticking out of the other half.
He does some final chopping and puts the mango on the plate.
The person washes the mango in the sink.
The person procures a mango from the fridge.
Some more chopping and the pieces are placed on the plate.
The person cuts up part of the mango.
The person scoops the mango slices peel and all onto the plate.
The person scrapes the seeds from that half of the pomegranate onto the plate.
Cut one of the halves in half again, take that quarter and break out the pomegranate seeds onto a plate with your hands.
Repeat this process for the remaining pomegranate, remove any debris from the seeds as you go.
The person scoops the seeds from that half of the pomegranate onto the plate.
The person removes the seeds from the inside of the fruit and puts them on the plate.
The person cuts one half into a quarter and proceeds to break each quarter apart with her hands and remove the pomegranate seeds onto the plate.
She cuts up the first half into 4 pieces and starts removing the seeds from the fruit. (long process)
He diced garlic
He minces the garlic.
dicing and chopping garlic on chopping board
Chops the garlic into pieces.
He cuts the garlic into pieces, then gathers them together and cuts them into finer pieces, before gathering them together again and putting down the knife.
The person cuts up the garlic.
The person slices the garlic into small pieces.
The person minced the garlic.
He slices the garlic very thinly, running through slicing them twice.
The person grinds each half into the juice strainer with his palm.
The person puts each orange half on the juicer, pushes down and twists repeatedly until no more juice comes out.
Press orange half with heel of palm and rotate orange on spike.
Next, she takes a fork and pokes a few of the cauliflower pieces to see if they are cooked.
She gets a plate and colander.
The person cracks the egg on the rim of one glass and pours the egg white into it.
He drained white
He put yolk in other cup
He removes the egg white from the egg into one cup by moving the yoke from shell half to shell half.
The person drains the egg white into on cup and pours the egg yolk into the second.
He cracks the egg over one cup.
The person slowly moves the egg yolk from shell half to shell half several times letting the white of the egg drain into the first cup.
He cracks open the egg on the edge of the cup, then seperates the egg yoke from the egg white.
The person cracks the egg on the rim of one cup and then drains the egg white into it.
He cracked egg
He separated egg
He cracks the egg, placing the white in one cup and the yolk in the other.
He drained white into cup
The man then cleans up and places the bread back into the bag.
person grates avocado
She grates the avocado.
She removes a cheese grater from the drawer and grates the avocado.
He cut bread
The person uses the knife to cut two slices of bread from the loaf.
The person cuts two slices of bread from the load with the knife.
The person uses the knife to cut two slices of bread on the cutting board.
He cuts two slices off the loaf.
He cuts off two slices.
The person uses the knife to slice two piece of bread from the loaf.
The person uses the knife to slice two pieces of bread from the loaf.
She cut bread
The person uses the knife to slice two piece of bread from the loaf.
He slices the bread.
The man cuts another slice of bread
The person takes the knife and slices the load of bread twice, making 2 slices.
The person cuts off two slices of bread.
The person washes and puts away the knife.
He sliced bread
The person selects a peeler and the potatoes are peeled.
The potato slices are turned over in the pan.
She flips the potatoes.
The person peels the potatoes.
The person stirs the frying potatoes with the spatula, then takes a bottle of ketchup from the fridge.
After stirring the potatoes for a few minutes, she goes and gets ketchup from the fridge.
She goes to the cupboard and takes out a plate and then re-stirs the potatoes.
She gets a bottle of ketchup out of the fridge.
The person gets some ketchup from the fridge.
She gets the required items.
The person chops up the herbs and puts them on the plate.
The person chops up the herbs and puts them on the plate.
She finely cuts all of the herbs leaves off of the stems.
She chops the herbs and puts them on a plate.
She slices the herb leaves from the stems.
Chop second herb
Holding the tops of the herbs in place the person slices the herbs up to the stem.
The person lined the herbs up then began cutting them with the knife in a short sawing motion being careful to not cut any of the stem.
The woman separates the herbs from the stem and distributes them to the plate.
Slice the herbs into fine pieces with the knife setting aside any thick stems.
